It is the accumulated memory, the accumulated memory, particularly the accumulated memory, which is
led among the six paramatas,
generous practices, disciplined practices, and passion practices, three paramatas, with joy forever
.
So it is all special practices, this is made out of it. Yes, and that is again, you go up to
teaching this out, so it has all this.
And then purification, the purifications of the consecration, that is the Vaidya-sattva practices.
And that is again, purifying all obscurations, visualize the Vaidya-sattva, and this is again,
special teaching of the Vaidya-yana.
Vaidya-yana started with this. And then, after that, then Guru Yoga practices.
And Guru Yoga practices is so special in the teachings. Of every teaching, teaching says Guru Yoga,
it is so important,
because the essence of the Guru Yoga practice, again, is devotion and your confidence.
And the confidence in the lineage, in the teaching, and then this is the devotion.
And when you have the devotion, then we settle it. We settle it now. We are not going to wander in
every different directions.
Spiritually, we settle it. When we are taking refuge in both each other, all that definitely
settled.
When Guru Yoga is echoed, ourself, anchored down, we are no more gypsy of the spiritual, now.
How much is this? We settle, we plant it. And the similar, as when we settle, then we are brought
to a calm.
And this is the other thing. For example, when we planted the seed, seed, and we started moving in
every different directions,
seed won't grow well. Even what's called home-siddling, home-siddling maybe, but still it won't
bring the complete glory.
Therefore, Guru Yoga means, now you settle to that lineage that perhaps, from that on, really we
begin to grow, begin to develop.
Therefore, devotion is important. Devotion is a combination of joy, appreciation, and written
thought and confidence.
All that is devotion. Then we feel, but that's it. And we settle.
Therefore, opening the teaching says, when you have the devotion, all everything will come. Come.
That is, for example, at the beginning of this life, even we had the beautiful prayer that we were
able to translate it,
or we organized this time. What's called stainless cane. Stainless cane.
And there's 14 roots, root, samayas of the Vedayana. At the very first, what I said, all
realization achievements are followed with the teacher.
When you read it. And how that is all the realization, achievement, way accomplishment with follow
with love of the teacher.
So therefore, I mean, seeing that, it's not just a teacher is important, but teacher is the source
of all accomplishment.
And therefore, also among the three root, what I said, the root of the blessing is lama.
Blessing means accomplishment, achievement, realization, and then I'm going to read the whole life
story of those great masters.
When they are connected to the one teacher, the teachers and the lineage, the realization is a
brute state.
In this, you can read the life story of all the masters of the Indian, the life story of all the
great masters of Tibet.
You read their realization, because then people can settle ourselves.
So, and therefore, it's so special. I mean, this is just a brilliant, but then with that, and here
also.
So when we have this guru yoga practice, if we keep that heart, heart, and then it will quickly
grow, realization will come.
Otherwise, then the realization will slow, and even God's realization, there's some kind of
entrance to come.
And so for that reason, the unfailing devotion is so important.
And then, when this devotion comes, then it merges with true natures, a nature of all.
In this, for that reason, for example, always the teachings say, even we have hundreds of teachers
who bring that all in one central status as Gaurapayama sambhava.
Gaurapayama sambhava is our teacher, or our teacher sees in Gaurapayama sambhava status.
So every teacher is merged in one central status, one central status as Gaurapayama sambhava.
For the storm, the war, Gaurapayama sambhava.
Then all meet, no matter how many teachers, the realization we met in one central state.
So Gaurapayama sambhava is the satellite desk, where every task meet, or everything all come in one
central status.
Then we practice Gaurapayama sambhava.
This is also in the teachings say. We didn't practice it that way.
Then we practice all the lamas too.
And for example, if we like to connect with all the lamas, then it's difficult to go all the
different ways.
But then we practice Gaurapayama sambhava, then it merges everything.
It's similar, if it's difficult, for example, if we go to the hundred different valleys to drink
the water, it's difficult.
But if we drink that water away, all the merge in one place is all merged.
If we drink, we drink all the waters.
Similarly, we knew every blessings, every realization, every kind as a conveyor, merge to that
state of Gaurapayama sambhava.
And then we feel that presence.
Then, then we practice Gaurapayama.
So strong people, we talk as seeing Gaurapayama sambhava, then it's so special.
Here, for those reasons here, they said all the realizations, they come.
And it's just Gaurapayama. We merge our realization and the realization of Gaurapayama sambhava.
Our heart and realization of Gaurapayama sambhava merge what the teachers merged and took at them.
And then, the realization which is beyond word, beyond concept of it, rises so beautifully,
beautiful and so special.